[Music]
look people can be terrible about things
they don't understand if they find you
they'll probably lock you up in a lab
somewhere it'll be bad trust me
the only person you can show yourself
around is me okay so let's practice you
ready you see anyone besides me what do
you do
great perfect come back now okay so
let's say we're driving right we're
driving in opposite
oh shoot somebody sir I'd be right
[Music]
who are you do you speak I won't hurt
you
[Music]
okay no beat music can help you say what
you're feeling
try this this it's toilet paper
bumblebee what have you done I am so
screwed
where did you get that Beatle George kid
who are you
[Music]
[Applause]
hey check out his resources
[Music]
well
that was hiding something if the
decepticons finding you
Oberth people-watch surely finish you
got people out there who needs you rated
pg-13
[Music]